Minister Suzuki,
please don't do anything
that would injure
the God candidates
or put their lives at risk.
We're attempting to
capture them now,
in order to protect the
safety of the people.
The helicopters were not
dispatched to attack them,
only to secure them.
Don't tell me you believe
in all this God selection
nonsense, Professor.
What's happening right now
is a bona-fide God selection
process, Prime Minister.
And this time, they
aren't even bothering
to hide their faces.
I can assure you, they have no
intention of harming anyone.
[Suzuki] Do you have
any better evidence?
Set your watch, Prime Minister.
I'll prove it to
you within 24 hours.
For now, attacking those
people is out of the question.
If anything, you should
really be protecting them.
[suspenseful music]
[helicopter blades whirring]
Wow, cool.
Look at all those helicopters,
they're flying right next to us.
I'm gonna use my Red Arrow
on the people inside.
Wait, Susumu.
Huh?
All we have to do is relocate.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
We all need to split up.
Let's head to
locations B through F.
Okay!
--Got it.
--[bodies whoosh]
[Pilot] The targets
have vanished!
[suspenseful music]
[body whooshes]
[Man] There's a God candidate
above the TV station
in Roppongi?
In Shiodome, Daiba,
and Shibuya, as well.
[Man] They're here, too!
There's one above us.
[suspenseful music]
[helicopter blades whirring]
What's up?
Why are they leaving?
[phone vibrating]
Ms. Yumiki?
[Yumiki] Prime Minister
Suzuki has ordered
the helicopters to withdraw.
Apparently, they've
called off their attempts
to capture you.
Why the sudden change of heart?
[drone blades whirring]
Everyone, please listen to us.
We five candidates will each
announce what we plan to do
in the event we become God.
The final God candidate
has been in touch with us,
and says he won't show
himself unless we do this.
All right, then, let's begin.
[opening theme music]
[Boy] What the hell?
Isn't that Kakehashi?
And Hanakago!
[Female] Come on, no way!
[Female] They're
both God candidates?
[Male] Two of 'em in our class?
You knew, didn't you, Maiko?
Oh, please.
[Maiko sighs]
[Man] The five God candidates
who vanished from Yurakucho
District have now reappeared,
hovering over
various TV stations.
Each one will outline what they
would do if they became God.
The entire country,
no, the entire world,
will be watching them.
[drone blades whirring]
Should I begin now?
Well, then, let's see.
If I became God,
I'd create a world
where anybody who wanted to die,
could do so painlessly
at any time,
and be commended for it.
Huh?
Suicide?
[Man] Commended?
[Woman] What?
I'm on board.
I'd die right now if I knew
I could die painlessly.
Better than causing
trouble for others.
I've gotta say, that
boy's got some good ideas.
[Yoneda sighs]
From my point of view,
an ideal world is one where
people don't have to work.
A world where everybody
leads a fun, easy life.
Robots and AI would do
all the work for us.
Not having to work sounds
like a pretty good deal.
You're probably
asking yourselves,
"But how would people
get so much money?"
In other words, how
would everybody be rich?
I don't know the answer to that,
so I want someone who can
figure it out to become God,
instead of me.
[crowd giggles]
She doesn't even
wanna become God.
Is this the best the God
candidates have to offer?
No kidding, I mean, are any
of them taking this seriously?
So this is what I've decided.
It'd be nice to live in a world
where I could just
play with my friends.
Where I didn't have to go
to school, cram for tests,
and be made fun of
on the internet.
No kidding.
You say one wrong
word on social media
and suddenly you're a target.
That's a trade-off
for technology.
Phones are way too
essential these days.
I certainly wouldn't
wanna be without one.
[foot tapping]
They're all addressing
modern-day issues,
but their thinking is
too narrow and shallow.
The real question everybody
should be addressing is simple,
what should humanity
aim for, going forward?
But now that my life's changed,
I don't care about
all that anymore.
Being a God candidate
is exciting enough.
I like it a lot.
I feel really alive.
Every day is a new adventure.
I think if everyone could
experience this excitement,
the world would be way more
fun than it is right now.
So here's my suggestion.
I think it would spice things up
if everyone on the planet was
given their own White Arrow!
[Woman] A what?
[Man] Did he say White Arrows?
Wait, aren't those the
ones that kill people?
That'd be hella crazy.
What's wrong with him?
[drone blades whirring]
This whole transformation
happened so suddenly.
I've been spending a
lot of time thinking
about what I'd do
if I became God
but I still don't
have an answer.
I hope for a world
where everyone can smile
where they can all
experience true happiness
and the warmth of love.
[Yoneda] That just leaves Red.
I believe his angel
is special-rank.
If I were to become God,
I wouldn't do anything.
[suspenseful music]
Let's go back to location A.
[body whooshes]
[Akai gasps]
[Akai] The God candidates
have just now return
to Yurakucho District.
All right, the five
of us have spoken up.
Your partner can
come join us now.
[man gasps]
Red is definitely the leader.
He has the intense
sincerity of a young man.
I must be careful not
to betray that passion.
The real question I'm
confronted with is,
can I convince them?
Let's go, Muni.
[Muni] Hmm.
Professor Yoneda,
where are you going?
I'm off to the
Yurakucho District.
Huh?
[body whooshes]
[suspenseful music]
[Mirai] This man is the
final God candidate.
Professor Yoneda?
Huh?
Huh? Seriously?
Whoa, it's really him!
Wait, who is he?
This is amazing, Professor,
I've read all your books!
[Yoneda] One second.
[All] Huh?
In one second, light can travel
around the earth 7 1/2 times.
Have any of you
candidates given it a try?
I have.
I've tested how many times I
can travel around the earth
in one second.
How many laps do you
think I completed?
You should try it sometime,
if you do, you'll realize
one second is infinite.
[Nakaumi sighs]
[Man] Isn't that
Professor Yoneda?
[Man] What?
Hey, you're right!
[Woman] Is he a God candidate?
[Man] Well, he must be,
if he's up there, right?
There's no question.
That's definitely
Professor Yoneda.
Nobel Prize winner and
National Honor recipient.
He's often said to be
the world's smartest man.
And now Professor Gaku
Yoneda has been revealed
as a God candidate.
That is correct, I am
Professor Gaku Yoneda.
I am also a God candidate,
I've come here
today to declare
that this God selection
process is absolutely genuine.
[suspenseful music]
[Suzuki] The professor
himself is a God candidate?
So this is what he meant when
he told me he'd prove it.
Quite a surprise.
[Man] That's incredible!
[Man] Professor Yoneda
is a God candidate!
[Man] They should
just vote him in.
[Man] That settles that then!
[Yoneda] I trust the five
of you aren't planning
to surround me like
these drones, are you?
Don't worry, we just
wanna talk things over.
Yes, in fact we
should talk it over.
Humans are quite
capable of talking
and it would be the best
option for everyone.
Good then, let's go
have a nice, quiet chat.
That won't be necessary.
In fact, I'd prefer
to do this in public.
I want the world to understand
what's happening right now.
What I'm about to say next
is only a theory of mine.
However, I've given it
quite a bit of thought,
and I believe it to be correct.
Judge for yourselves
whether or not you agree.
First off, I have to warn you,
you're missing something
very important.
You might even say
you're being deceived
in this whole process.
And interestingly,
Metropoliman seemed
to have understood it.
Deceived by who?
What are you talking about?
I know this may come as a shock,
but Metropoliman
didn't believe in God.
[Metropoliman] How do
you get people to believe
in something as
unrealistic as God?
You're saying God doesn't exist?
You misunderstand,
He does, currently.
But he's not the God the
world imagines Him to be.
In fact, he's a fake God.
[humming]
[suspenseful music]
Red, you said you wouldn't do
anything if you became God.
Exactly why is that?
To promote independence.
People need to stand
on their own two feet.
If one of us was to become God
and changed people's
lives from up in Heaven,
it'd be nothing but an
invisible dictatorship.
[Yoneda] Exactly.
And the world doesn't
need a God like that.
Could you explain that
in layman's terms?
You want it simplified, huh?
Then let me ask the five of
you, no, all of humanity.
Tell me which of
these came first,
humans or God?
Humans, right?
No, God made humans.
Maybe not.
It's God, right?
The story is that
God was here first,
and then he created
Adam and Eve.
That's a myth humans made
up to explain things.
The universe was formed
about 13.8 billion years ago.
The earth was born
4.6 billion years ago.
Water formed on the planet,
and microorganisms
began to appear.
They evolved into fish,
amphibians, and reptiles.
Then, mankind was born.
Eventually, humans learned
to hunt and grow crops.
Soon after, they started
praying to the heavens
to provide more food
during the lean times.
Eventually, humans invented God
to be the object
of their prayers.
Everything I've said so far
is more than just my theory.
It's accepted historical fact.
Did you understand that?
We're following so far.
I guess so, more or less.
You said we're being
deceived, I don't understand.
Could you hurry up
and get to that part.
Nowadays, things have advanced.
Humans perform
surgical procedures
and gene manipulation,
all of which were once
considered sacrilegious,
and we've even set
foot in outer space.
It's impossible to believe
God exists in Heaven.
I probably shouldn't be
telling the whole world
that God doesn't exist.
And, certainly, I cannot
deny that teachings based
in religion and mythology
have improved humanity.
Questioning their
faith does nothing
but aggravate true believers.
In my writings, I've
denied the existence
of spirits and souls.
Things that can't be proven
through scientific observation.
But since becoming
a God candidate,
I've been told about
God's existence
and even interacted with angels.
Honestly, at first I
doubted my own eyes,
but I've come to
believe it's the truth.
And since it's the
truth, I have no choice.
Angels fly around
in front of me,
so I must acknowledge
God's existence.
However, I've arrived
at the conclusion
that what has created them is
nothing more than energy born
from the human imagination.
I believe it's an energy
that strongly desires them
as objects for prayers.
And the logical extension
of that desire is
to create an all-powerful entity
we've come to refer to as God.
Humanity has produced
a creature designed
to be worshiped and glorified.
When he says a creature,
does he mean like a
beast, or monster?
[Yoneda] This entity
is a man-made creation.
A false spirit who draws energy
from people who believe in God.
As the number of true believers
has decreased over time,
so has His energy,
pushing Him to the brink
of disappearing entirely.
So, He deceived even the angels
and began the God
selection process.
To prevent Himself
from disappearing?
That's correct.
So far, it's all gone
according to plan,
with the God selection process
now being broadcast worldwide.
Once a candidate is
chosen to become God,
many people will once more
believe that God exists.
What I'm trying to say is
that the age of praying to
God has now come to an end.
[Mirai groans]
[suspenseful music]
We should be screaming for help
from somebody here on
earth, not from God.
When we encounter problems,
we should work on coming
up with solutions,
not getting on our
knees and praying.
Rather than repenting and
begging God for forgiveness,
we should surrender
and pay for our crimes.
Human knowledge,
science, and medicine
will someday overcome
all the challenges
that make us vulnerable
as a species.
In the near future,
that will even make
immortality possible.
What's important to humanity
are the opportunities
that continually lie before
us, and to always be focused
on the positive advances we
can accomplish as a species,
while living here
in the present.
We should finally
say, there is no God.
Those of us chosen to be God
candidates should lead the way
to this enlightenment.
It should be clear to all,
this world doesn't
need God anymore.
Really? There's no God?
[gun clicks]
[Man] Distance, 200 meters.
Target doesn't seem to
be moving at the moment.
Line of sight.
I have a clear shot.
[Man] Wait.
Our orders are for all six
shots to be fired at once.
We don't have a
complete understanding
of their abilities.
Don't take your eyes off them.
[Man] Roger that.
[Man] Roger.
[Man]
Roger.
[Man] Roger.
So what we have here is a
spirit that's been formed
by human prayer and angels
who simply exist to be used
by a weakened God.
My angel Muni seeks the
destruction of this false Heaven
that produces nothing.
The destruction of Heaven?
[Revel] Human prayer
and manipulated angels.
That's an interesting idea, huh?
What's the problem, Revel?
It just occurred to me that
the Origin of Heaven states
that God is supported
by human prayer.
I'm surprised, Nasse,
every special-rank
angel should know that.
Acting innocently without
getting bogged down
in details is what's always
made Nasse special-rank.
That's useless in games
like this, though.
It means you can't
strategize properly.
Hey, everybody,
you're making me sound
like some kind of idiot.
[Yoneda] Muni, I understand
what your goal is,
but you have to consider this.
There may be an angel among the
other 12 who will interfere.
[Muni] Mm.
[Yoneda] And what will that
angel's special power be?
Muni's answer was "Mm,"
which meant I don't know.
So which one is it?
The special-rank angel who
appears to know nothing,
or another angel who actually
knows Heaven's secrets?
Either way.
You're right.
I do think it's strange
to be choosing a God
from among the ranks of humans.
However, that's a
secondary concern.
Saying that God doesn't
exist at all is reckless.
Exactly!
I mean, wouldn't a
God who'd been created
by human prayer still
be completely real
to the believers?
Besides, there are all kinds
of gods around the world.
I have to say, I still think
we need a God in our lives.
Yeah, right!
We need Him, but I don't
think He actually exists.
Huh?
Wait, how does that work?
Well, you see, I think
he's like Santa Claus.
When we were children,
we believed in him.
We were told, if we were
good, he'd bring us toys.
But when we got older,
we realized he was
made up, not real.
But it was more hopeful and
inspiring to believe in him.
God's the same.
I don't think it's ever a
bad thing to pray to a God,
no matter who or
what they may be.
But what does it accomplish?
After all, in the end,
there's nobody there
to answer your prayers.
He doesn't have to exist.
As long as we believe.
I think people will be fine,
as long as each of us
keeps a God in our hearts.
So if none of us has
to actually become God,
I'd be okay with that.
It's what God represents
that's important.
[Mirai] Saki.
Well, I never believed
in God to begin with,
so nothing I've heard
today will change that.
And after hearing
Professor Yoneda's theory,
I bet most people won't
believe he exists, either.
[wings whooshing]
I think the Professor's right
and this exercise is pointless.
[Temari groans] What
does that mean?
After all this,
you're bailing on us
and you won't
accept the position?
I guess so.
What do you care, Ms. Temari?
You only want somebody
else to become God
so you can keep your Red Arrows.
But don't you remember
what Ogaro said?
There are no options here.
At the end of this process,
one of the six candidates
has to become God.
Tell me something, Professor.
Do you know of a way
where one of us doesn't
have to become God?
Yes, I've deduced a method.
You don't want any of the powers
that come with the job, right?
I guess not, except
for this one thing.
No matter what else happens,
I really need my Red Arrow.
I can't live without it!
It's given me a new life!
I don't care who becomes God
as long as they don't
take that away from me!
I'm begging you!
Professor Yoneda, let me ask.
Aren't there people out
there who believe in God,
depend on Him, and
see Him as a source
of hope and salvation?
I'm sure there are,
but they only
account for about .1%
of the Earth's population.
I may be off a little,
but doesn't that come to
around 7 million or so?
That's an awful lot of people.
What happens to them if there's
no God, all of a sudden?
They won't have God to
blame for their problems.
They won't be able to repent
and ask His forgiveness.
They'll find praying
to Him changes nothing.
They won't have anything
they can rely on,
or the strength to solve
their problems on their own.
If that happens, I'm guessing
they'd probably lose all hope
and kill themselves.
If there are people out there
who can't adjust
to the new reality,
I guess that's just how it goes.
A wave of suicides?
And that's just how it goes?
[suspenseful music]
Just how it goes.
I won't allow it.
In order to prevent that,
I'm willing to become God.
[suspenseful music]
[Yoneda] He's finally
found his motivation.
Are you sure?
It's a pretty big step.
I thought you wanted
to just find happiness
for yourself here in this life.
Red will now become God?
Isn't it too late?
No one would agree
to such a thing.
Well, I guess Ms. Temari would.
[Temari grunts]
[Temari] Hey, I'm willing
to support someone
who'll do the job.
Didn't you say you'd become
God if no one else would?
[Nakaumi] After hearing
Professor Yoneda,
I've changed my mind.
If I took the job now,
it would be two-faced,
and undermine his position.
Given the choice, I'd
still rather kill myself.
--[Temari grunts]
--All right, enough.
I said I'd become God.
That's it.
[Susumu] Hmm.
[Susumu giggles]
--[body whooshes]
--[Mirai groans]
--Susumu?
--[body whooshes]
[man groans]
This dude's got a cool weapon!
Hey, there's a guy
over here with a rifle!
He's been aiming at all
of us this whole time!
--[Man] Damn it!
--[Susumu] Wow,
[Man] Wait, don't shoot!
[Man] But the target will
likely use his Arrows on us!
Hey, can I shoot him
with my Red Arrow?
Susumu, get away from there!
[Man] Follow your orders and
keep aiming at your target.
Keep aiming at Red.
At Red?
[gun fires]
[Man] Open fire!
[closing theme music]